add "Getting support" page covering EESSI support portal (#109)
EESSI/docs: docs/support.md

![MustiXscale logo](img/logos/multixscale_logo.png){width=60%}

Thanks to the MultiXscale project we are able to provide support to the users of EESSI. 
The support portal is supported by GitLab.

## How to report a problem or ask a question

We recommend you to get a GitLab account for all your support needs.  

If you have a GitLab account you can submit your problems or questions on 
the following GitLab repo, https://gitlab.com/eessi/support. 
Please use one of the provided templates (report a problem, software request, question) when submitting an issue.

You can also submit your issues or send in questions via our e-mail address `support (@) eessi.io`. 
When you send us an email, please provide us with as much information as possible on the issue that you are having. 
You can find lists on the information that we would like to receive in the ReadMe of the GitLab repository.

## What do we support

### Getting access the EESSI software stack
If you have trouble connecting to the software stack. 
Such as trouble related the [cernVM-FS filesystem layer](filesystem_layer.md) or the [compat layers](compatibility_layer.md). 
Please contact us. 

> ### software requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Software requests
```

We are open to software requests for applications that aren't available. You can try it your self by looking through the [documentation on adding software](software_layer/adding_software.md). 
Or you can just send in a request. 

> Please try to provide as much information on the software as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please try to provide as much information on the software as possible, and be aware that we can only provide software that has an appropriate open source license.
```

### Test-suite

> If you are using the test-suite and run into any trouble using it you can also sent them in via our GitLab support portal or email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the test-suite and run into any trouble using it you can also report your issues via our GitLab support portal or email.
```

Reviewer: We should probably add the link to the GitLab support portal here

### Using the software

> Please report any problems that you encounter when using software in the EESSI stack that are specifically related to the installation within EESSI. 

Reviewer: This probably needs some more level of detail, like example of what we would support, and something we would not.

## What do we not support

> We ask the users of EESSI to refrain from sending in issues that are specifically related to helping them use certain software that EESSI provides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We ask the users of EESSI to refrain from sending in issues that are specifically related to
helping them use certain software that EESSI provides. EESSI does not the capacity to have expertise
on all the software that it provides and you are more likely to get better support from the software
project itself.
```
